docs/pypi-setup.md, before:

# PyPI Setup Instructions

1. Create a PyPI Account:
   - Go to https://pypi.org/account/register/
   - Create an account if you don't have one

2. Generate an API Token:
   - Log in to PyPI
   - Go to https://pypi.org/manage/account/token/
   - Click "Add API token"
   - Fill out these exact fields:
     * Token name: GitHub Actions
     * Token scope: Project: dns-services-gateway
     * Intended use: Automated publishing
     * Organization: No organization
   - Copy the token immediately (you won't see it again)

3. Add Environment to GitHub:
   - Go to your GitHub repository
   - Click Settings > Environments > New environment
   - Fill out these exact fields:
     * Owner: mikl0s
     * Repository name: dns.services
     * Workflow name: ci.yml
     * Environment name: release
   - Click "Add"
   - In the environment settings:
     * Click "Add secret"
     * Name: PYPI_API_TOKEN
     * Value: (paste the token you copied from PyPI)
     * Click "Add secret"

4. Test the Setup:
   - Create a new release tag in GitHub
   - The GitHub Actions workflow will automatically:
     - Run tests across all supported Python versions
     - Build the package
     - Upload to PyPI if all tests pass

Note: The package will be available at: https://pypi.org/project/dns-services-gateway/

Commit message:

docs: Update PyPI setup for pending publisher workflow

docs/pypi-setup.md, after:

# PyPI Setup Instructions

1. Create a PyPI Account:
   - Go to https://pypi.org/account/register/
   - Create an account if you don't have one

2. Initial Manual Package Upload:
   - Build the package locally:
     ```bash
     python -m pip install --upgrade build twine
     python -m build
     ```
   - Upload to PyPI:
     ```bash
     python -m twine upload dist/*
     ```
   - This will prompt for your PyPI username and password
   - After successful upload, you'll be the package owner

3. Configure GitHub Actions Publishing:
   - Go to PyPI project settings: https://pypi.org/manage/project/dns-services-gateway/settings/
   - Under "Publishing", click "Add pending publisher"
   - Fill out these exact fields:
     * Owner: mikl0s
     * Repository name: dns.services
     * Workflow name: ci.yml
     * Environment name: release
   - Click "Add"
   - Wait for PyPI administrators to approve the publisher

4. Test the Setup:
   - Once the publisher is approved
   - Create a new release tag in GitHub
   - The GitHub Actions workflow will automatically:
     - Run tests
     - Build the package
     - Upload to PyPI if all tests pass

Note: The package will be available at: https://pypi.org/project/dns-services-gateway/
